docs(hybrid-cloud): Add docs for setting up webhook parsers (#49645)
getsentry/sentry: src/sentry/middleware/integrations/README.md

# Webhook Forwarding in Hybrid Cloud (Updated 05/2023)

## Background

> Hybrid Cloud requires running Sentry in at least different versions which communicate with one another; Control and Region Silos. The integration authentication data (`Integration`, and `OrganizationIntegration` models) will be stored in the **Control Silo**, but the associated models integrations may affect will be stored in the **Region Silo** (e.g. `Repostitory`, `Commit`, `ExternalIssue`, `Organization`, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hybrid Cloud requires running Sentry in at least two different instances which communicate with one another; Control and Region Silos. The integration authentication data (`Integration`, and `OrganizationIntegration` models) will be stored in the **Control Silo**, but the associated models integrations may affect will be stored in the **Region Silo** (e.g. `Repostitory`, `Commit`, `ExternalIssue`, `Organization`, etc.).
```
